Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[Music Playing]
[indistinct] Come on
its okay.
Okay. go on through.
[Indiscernible] [Gasps]
Sober up. lock everything.
I don't think we
were followed.
Focus-focus. I got to go
back.
try to unfuck this mess.
You stay in. keep
the lights off.
Shit. just find the damn
safe;
be ready to go when I get back.
[Breathes heavily]
Jack?
What-what?
No-no-no-no-no-no-no.
Hey big fella. hey.
come on. snap out of it.
Come on. wake
up. wakey wake.
You got this. come on.
Uh. shit
[breathes heavily].
[breathes heavily]
Okay. buddy. you'll find
this when you wake up.
Oh. good-good.
I'll be back.
[Breathes heavily]
Oh. uh. Jack?
Hello?
What the?
"Ah!" [grunts]
[grunts]
Hello?
[Pants]
Jack?
Uh. uh. ah. uh
[Breathes heavily].
What happened?
Oh [Breathes heavily].
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
Okay-okay
[Yells in pain]
[heavy breathing]
[Breathes heavily]
What the fuck. Jack.
[Door knocks]
Sorry. did I just
spook you there?
Just being nosey neighbors.
Hi.
We're so sorry.
We heard yelling. we
knocked. but --
[Laughs] We thought
someone was hurt.
Oh. uh. I'm
sorry about that.
I. um -- I hurt my hand.
Uh-huh.
Ben Rakes.
Lisa.
And this is my arm-candy.
Ted. [Laughs]
Join us on the
porch for a
get-to-know-you-drink.
neighbor?
Oh. that's -- it's really nice.
and I-I don't wanna be rude.
Then don't be.
Moving in without meeting
the neighbors
doesn't fly here.
[Laughs] I promise we
aren't total hicks.
[Laughs]
[Laughs] Yeah. all right.
All right.
[Laughs]
Oh. we're sorry about
all all the barking.
We rescue strays.
and then get pissed
when mommy and daddy
aren't home.
Oh. that's what all
the yelling was about.
Rough moving day?
Uh. yeah.
I don't really know
how that happened.
Appreciate the distraction.
It's been a strange night.
[Laughs] I'm sorry if we
made it any stranger.
we're a few in already.
Oh. don't scare him away.
he just bought the place.
Actually. this is my
father's place.
Hmm. invite him to come
down and join us.
[Laughs] Does he
nurse his beers like you?
He died two weeks ago.
car accident.
Oh. shit.
Ben. I am so sorry.
Uh. it's all right.
Seriously. it's-it's
fine. we weren't close.
He traveled a lot for
work.
and I wasn't great at
keeping in touch.
I didn't know he retired up
here till after he passed.
Uh-huh. well. I'm sure Arthur
is happy you got the place.
Sorry. I didn't realize
you knew him.
Oh. we didn't.
Uh. car accident
was in the paper.
Not much news in
this small town.
I can't believe we
never met him.
Yeah. it's-it's weird.
I think --.
[Laughs] Shit. you got
a big one.
Ted?
Oh. sorry.
Hey. I'm sorry
for your loss.
We're just happy to
meet a new neighbor.
This is temporary.
I'm just here to sort
through his things.
settle his affairs.
And soon as I'm done
I'm heading out.
Can't be that bad being
back in your hometown?
I grew up with my mom;
it's my first time here.
But your father. his
family was from here.
I don't know. could be.
[Laughs] Lisa likes to
play town historian.
Well. why would his
father retire here
if he wasn't from here?
Like I said. I wasn't great
at keeping in touch.
Well. maybe we knew
your grandfather.
What was his name?
I never met him.
Well. you know his name.
Uh. Grandpa Rakes.
[Laughs] Uh. like
I said. I-I never met him.
Think for a second.
Too intense.
[laughs] sorry.
I just get really excited
about history.
[Laughs] It's all good. yeah;
I wish you could tell me more.
Uh. we need more beer.
Yes.
Uh. well. my father kept
some in the fridge.
uh. you can help yourself.
You know. come to our house.
we got tons of drinks.
You know. nah. it's-it's
been a long night.
We're just to those trees.
come over for one drink.
Full disclosure.
I don't drink.
I shouldn't have let
you open this one.
Uh. time to call it a night.
Sorry for the beers. uh.
come over for a snack.
just meet the doggies.
Tomorrow.
What. our house isn't
good enough for you?
What? No-no.
it's nothing like that.
Hey. shut up. Ted.
Ben. just come. don't
leave me with this drunk.
[Laughs] Come
on. don't be a dick. Ben.
It's not a big deal.
You know what. and nothing
personal. but. uh-uh
I think we just call it
goodnight now.
What. you afraid
of the dark. Ben?
There's nothing out here.
Okay.
Nothing out here.
He's right. there's
nothing to be scared of.
Goodnight. Lisa.
Ben!
[Breathes heavily]
Jack?
Hey. can you hear me?
Jack. what the hell's going on?
Can you hear me?
Jack?
Did you find it?
Jack. you're breaking up.
God damn it. fucking phones.
Jack?
Yeah. hold on.
Fuck.
Jack. what's happening?
Where are you?
Listen. it's bad here.
Wa-what's happening?
The sheriff is helping
them out search houses.
I ain't see the black car.
What? Why?
Fuck. they're coming
towards the car.
Look. uh. I got to hide.
Jack. are you all right. Jack?
Shit.
Jack-Jack. are you there?
Yeah-yeah.
I -- I'm good for now.
You lied to me.
you son of a bitch.
Talk to me. Jack.
I drove six hours
to come here.
you told me you were sober.
promised me
you could handle this.
I am sober. I swear.
Yeah.
Look. I was waiting for
you at the bar.
I ordered dinner. and then
I can't remember.
Yeah. well. you were
hammered when I got there.
That can't be.
You were outta control.
fighting two racist hicks.
Now. you know what happens
with people like you in
this kinda town.
Well. you broke your hand
shattering a guy's jaw.
For Christ sake. I barely
got you out of the bar.
Shit.
So. I came back. I thought
I could talk to someone.
calm things down. but
they're acting crazy.
Who?
Everyone.
Looks like half the
town is looking for you.
I've never seen
anything like this before.
We've gotta get out of here.
We can't leave
until I find the money.
You haven't
found the safe yet?
Not yet.
Look. just get back
here and help me look.
Look. these guys are
serious about hurting you.
Welcome to my world.
Just get back here. please.
Yeah-yeah-yeah. when I'm
sure they can't follow me.
Look. you stay hidden.
Christ almighty --
oh. shit --
Jack... Jack?
[Breathes heavily]
Shit.
Fuck this town.
[Exhales deeply]
All right. come on.
Mr. Safe. where are you?
Hello?
Somebody here?
You've got to be kidding me.
Oh. hell no.
Hey-hey. the fuck you doing?
I'm talking to you.
Putting a
scarecrow in the field.
Yeah. and who
told you to do that?
Arthur.
Arthur is dead. man.
Still paid me to do it.
Well. this is my house now.
and I'm telling you
I don't want the scarecrow.
Well. you're welcome to
pay me to take it down.
might have an
opening next week.
[Exhales deeply]
Who are you?
Mason. people need things
done around here they call me.
Well. Mason. I'm gonna need
you to take that scarecrow
and fuck off.
Arthur paid me
for a scarecrow.
I'm gonna put it up.
Or you can come down out
of that house and
hit me with that bat.
This fun to you.
fucking with me?
Just giving you
options. tough guy.
Is this really how you
want your night to go?
Come here; attack
me with your bat.
Okay.
Okay. Mason. put
up your scarecrow.
I'll enjoy
watching you work for me.
What the hell?
Jack Attack Boxing.
Leave a message.
Jack. where are you. man.
[exhales deeply]
shit is getting way
too crazy out here.
Hello?
Well. you better believe I'm
not in the mood for this shit.
Who the fuck is in my house?
Go away.
Go away?
This is my house.
who the fuck are you?
Arthur's friend.
You're trespassing.
Go away.
[Sobs]
Okay. Arthur's friend.
I'm Ben Rakes. Arthur's son.
Bullshit. Arthur
didn't have a son.
We weren't close.
I'm not surprised he
didn't mention me.
But he did leave
the house to me.
Come on. how many black
guys come through this town?
What was your mother's name?
Ellie Rakes.
You're like
twice Arthur's size.
Ellie fed me well.
Look. I'm not
trying to scare you;
I just wanna know
what's going on here.
Think of me as a skunk. I
won't make it stink
if you don't mess with me.
I'm not gonna mess with you;
I didn't even know
you'd be here.
Okay. all right.
Let's just. uh -- Move.
Well. where you going?
I have to pee.
Flashlight?
And make sure you
put the tap on.
I've been hiding up here since
your friend dragged you in.
Who are you?
Amy.
Your dad was part of the
seniors' club
I run at the library.
Seniors' club?
Yeah. uh. a-a
club for seniors.
There's a lot of resources
in town for older folks.
so volunteers check up on them
and take them to the
library and stuff.
Your dad gave me
keys. by the way.
I didn't break in.
Yeah. but why are you
hiding in his house?
I thought it was empty.
I'm sorry about
your dad passing.
He-he was a nice guy.
Just tell me why you're here.
You're gonna think I'm crazy.
Bit late for that.
Just tell me.
Were you in town?
Did-did you notice
people acting weird?
Weird?
And it's been weird
for about two weeks.
it's always at night.
screams in the woods.
people are setting fires.
Two people went missing today.
Shit.
So. I just thought I'd come
out of town and hide here
before it got dark.
I have some bad news for you;
here is the last
place you wanna be.
Why?
I don't know about
the last two weeks.
but tonight. I got some
folks looking for me.
Looking for you.
what did you do?
I don't know.
Jack says I won a bar fight
against the wrong white guy.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
Who's Jack?
A friend.
He's the guy who brought
me here after the bar. uh.
Look. you should go.
Well. I-I didn't drive here.
and I'm not walking
in the dark. so.
Jesus.
Oh shit. shit.
[Breathes heavily] Oh.
That motherfucker.
What is that?
I think my old
pal Mason is back.
Wait-wait. Mason
Banks is here?
You know that asshole?
Shit. don't make him
angry. he's dangerous.
Pretty sure I just
knocked out his buddy.
No. I'm-I'm being serious.
I've seen him hurt people.
He's probably on
something. he's fucked up.
[Breathes heavily]
He's probably just an asshole.
Listen to me.
don't go out there.
it's what he wants.
How's your buddy's
jaw doing. Mason?
Hold this; I don't
wanna break it too.
Don't.
Close the door.
Oh darn.
Come here. Mason.
[Screams] Come here.
[Breathes heavily]
[rumbling]
[banging]
[knocking]
[bangs]
[incessant knocking]
[screams]
Got you [laughs].
Oh. fuck. Ted.
what the fuck?
What the fuck is right.
what is this spooky thing?
And why are you here?
What are you doing here?
Look. we live next door.
[Whispers] What?
We heard yelling from
our bedroom window.
What the hell is going on?
Sorry. I. uh -- You know
what. I can't hear you.
Come to the door.
Uh-huh. okay-okay-okay.
Hey. you okay?
No. Mason is here.
he's causing trouble.
Mason is here.
Shit. I hate that fucking guy.
Listen; maybe you should come
hang with Lisa and me
until we figure this all out.
[Screams]
Hey. get away from them.
Come after me.
Get away from her.
Be right back.
Oh-oh -- oh god.
[Breathes heavily]
Oh fuck.
[Screams] You're gonna.
fucking. let go.
Go [screams].
[Screams]
[Groans in pain]
- Ahhh!
- [Moans in pain]
Oh. oh my god.
[Screams]
[Moaning in pain]
Oh my god...
[Moans in pain] I don't know
what to do.
[Whispers] I've got
my bag. my bag.
What?
Get my fucking gym bag.
There's-there's clean wraps
inside next to my boxing gloves.
Okay.
[Moans in pain]
Okay-okay-okay.
Okay. what do I do?
Wrap my fucking arm.
[Moans in pain]
Okay-okay-okay.
calm down. calm
down. calm down.
Calm down. just. uh -- okay.
Okay. all right.
All right. okay.
I need you to keep
going even if I pass out.
No-no-no. you are not
leaving me to do this alone.
Stay awake. okay?
Just talk to me. talk to me.
[Breathes heavily]
There was someone else
with Mason out
there in the dark.
What?
I couldn't see properly.
but he was fucking huge.
All right. just-just breathe.
- [Moans in pain]
- No-no-no. shhh...
just breathe in and out.
[Exhales deeply]
Oh. fuck me [moans in pain].
Why didn't they kill us?
I think they tried their best.
No-no. I mean the
door was wide open.
Why didn't they come inside?
I don't know. maybe
they're enjoying themselves.
None of this makes any sense.
I grew up around Ted and Lisa.
they sell CBD dog biscuits.
and now they're hacking
people up with machetes.
because some black guy
got into a bar fight?
Maybe you don't know them
as well as you think you do.
Or maybe something
weird is going on.
like I told you. the
whole town is acting bizarre.
Maybe they're not in control.
Bullshit.
What are you doing?
I'm not gonna stay here and
listen to you give excuses
for your racist white
supremacist friends.
I'm serious; we need to
figure out what's happening.
We have to get the
fuck out of here.
Now. Jack's coming
back with the car.
But first. I have to
find my dad's safe.
Why?
Who the fuck cares?
I do.
I need it.
Are you serious?
Ben?
You dropped your phone.
All this over a bar fight?
Amy. right?
Yeah. oh. that's cute.
Mason.
I remember you. always sitting
in the corner of the
bar with a fork. alone.
I don't know how
you ended up here.
I don't care.
Just stop
helping him. go home.
Mason. this is fucked.
Amy. I promise you
haven't seen anything yet.
Now. are you staying
or are you leaving?
You don't even know him.
Your call.
You can't come
inside. can you?
What's really happening here?
Why are you doing this?
It's me now or
half the town later.
they're gonna figure
out where you are.
Come outside. get past me.
you can make your escape.
[Breathes heavily]
I like disappointing you. Mason.
We're gonna finish
what we started.
You're right. there's
something else going on here.
Turn off the lights.
They already know we're here.
We don't want
them knowing where.
We could block
out the bedroom.
I found some
ibuprofen in the bathroom.
I'm sorry. it's
not gonna do much.
Thanks. I'm fine. I just
-- I need to keep moving.
You should still take it.
Uh. I'm an addict. doesn't
matter if it's sugar pills.
I can't take them.
I'll. um -- uh. at
least have some water.
Here.
Thanks.
[Exhales deeply]
Okay.
I got to find that safe
before Jack gets back.
No-no. hold on. hold on.
We have to figure out
what the fuck's going on.
Uh-huh. you already figured
out that they can't come in.
that's good enough for now.
Now. you're gonna help me
[exhales deeply]
or you can stay here.
No. uh. what. uh --
what about your friend.
we can't warn him.
Mason has your phone.
I don't have one.
What's Mason gonna do
when the -- your friend
comes rolling in?
Oh fuck.
Okay. all right.
all right. all right.
just-just -- all
right. just listen.
just calm down. okay?
All right. we just have to
figure out
what's happening. okay.
I didn't tell you everything
about me and your dad.
Go on.
I. uh. wasn't just keeping
your dad's spare keys for him.
He told me that if anything
weird happened in town that
I was supposed to
come here and hide.
He said it would be safe.
What?
Yeah.
I mean. yeah. I thought
he was a bit eccentric.
but I think -- I think now.
I think he knew something like
this was going to happen.
How?
I don't know. but the research
he was doing at the library.
it was some
really creepy stuff.
Now what kinda stuff?
Well. he would read -- reading
these old books and in these
languages I didn't understand.
but there were diagrams
and there were images.
and they looked evil. demonic.
Come on. Amy.
I'm not messing
around. I swear.
But what does this
have to do with anything?
I just -- I mean. uh -- you
have to admit the whole not
being able to come inside
thing is pretty strange.
Sure. we can
call that strange.
Yeah. and-and like I said.
everything was acting weird
in town before you
even got here.
Yeah. and you wanna
blame that on demons?
No -- I don't know. maybe.
You gotta be
kidding me. come on.
Look. I just wanna
know what's going on.
Why aren't Ted and Lisa
breaking through
the windows right now?
They're racist white
people. they do crazy shit.
And they're just
probably fucking with us.
I just think that if we
could find some of your dad's
research it could give us a
clue as to what's going on.
Demon research.
Uh -- No [moans in pain].
Where are you going?
To find my father's safe.
How can you think
about money right now?
I promised Jack I'd
find it. and I owe him.
What is he. your bookie?
What kind of friend
needs your money this badly?
My only friend and he'd dying.
What?
Cancer.
And I don't want him to
spend his last days broke.
in a rat-infested
hospice. because of me.
Because of you?
What?
Just wanna know my
whole life story?
Fine. got all the time
in the world. right?
[Exhales deeply]
Jack was my boxing trainer
and manager
ever since I was a
kid he'd look out for me.
in the ring and out. even
when I was being a shitty kid
thinking I was invincible.
For a time I kinda was.
I was winning fights.
then I started partying hard.
Jack wanted me to
stop. but I didn't listen.
I got out of control. ended
up hurting this guy
before the actual fight at the
fucking weigh-ins.
Boxing commission
came down hard.
revoked my license.
Now. both me and
Jack are broke.
and he's got cancer.
So Arthur's money is the only
way I know how to make his
life a little bit
more comfortable.
I'm sorry. I didn't know.
Something here is fucked.
And I don't know what I'm
gonna do when Jack gets here.
but it's all for nothing
if I don't find that money.
Come with me.
I've been all over the house
looking for more of your dad's
research.
there's no safe here.
The only place I
haven't gone is the cellar.
but the entrance is on
the side of the house.
you have to go outside.
Of course it is.
You really think it's there?
Maybe.
And sometimes when I pick up
Arthur he'd be down there.
He said it was
cooler in the summer.
How far exactly?
Well. it's. um -- it's
from there to around there.
Okay.
If I go in the dark and keep
quiet I think I can get inside
without them noticing.
Can you run in your condition?
Yeah. it's not
far. I'll be fine.
Listen. we know they
can't come in the house.
but what about under it.
does the cellar count?
I don't know. we have to
try; give me your knife.
For fuck sake. I'm not staying
here alone in the dark.
And besides. you'll never
find the door without me.
I appreciate it.
On three. I'm gonna
turn off the light.
you're gonna open the
door. we're gonna keep quiet.
If I get caught you run back.
Fuck. Ben. I don't wanna die.
We better make it.
One. two. three.
[door opens]
[crickets chirping]
[door shuts]
[footsteps]
[BEN] Amy. where are you?
- [Laughing]
- [BEN] Be quiet.
[BEN] Where are you?
-[Laughing] -[AMY] Ben. it's
not me. come back.
[WOMAN] [Laughing] Take
my hand.
- [BEN] [Shoving] Get off me.
- [WOMAN] [Laughing]
- [BEN] Amy. run!
- [AMY] Get off of him!
[WOMAN] [Screams] Ben!
[AMY] [Screams] Ben!
[WOMAN] [Laughs]
[AMY] [Exhales deeply]
[AMY] Fuck.
[Moans in pain]
[Exhales deeply]
Did you see Lisa?
Lisa?
She was trying to pull you
into the trees.
Yeah.
- [Exhales deeply]
...where's the knife?
[Exhales deeply] Oh
my god. oh my god.
I must've dropped it.
-Oh. you gotta be fucking
kidding me. -I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm so fucked.
[Exhales deeply] Oh my god.
Oh my god. I'm gonna be sick.
Oh my god. I'm so sorry.
Come on.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[Breathes deeply]
No. sorry. I'm sorry.
You just saved me. all right;
just -- I-I shouldn't have
made us do that.
Um. it's -- I told you
something fucked was going on.
Look. we're
gonna figure it out.
We're gonna find
that fucking safe.
and we get the
fuck outta here.
I'll be okay. just
give me a second.
Oh my god [exhales deeply].
What is that?
Looks like an
old church pulpit.
Well. as one of the
only Jews in town.
I'm gonna take
your word on that.
Yeah. it's a church pulpit.
Second Coming Baptist
Church. 1965.
Oh. look at this.
What is it?
It's some of your
dad's research.
old photocopies.
"Reverend Peter Rakes and son
Arthur outside of Kingsport's
first integrated church.
Second Coming Baptist.
Ben. I think this is your
father and grandpa there.
Let me see that.
Tragedy in Kingsport.
Authorities are investigating
possible arson after Second
Coming Baptist Church
burned. Wednesday evening.
Reverend Peter Rakes is
believed to have perished
in the blaze.
Arson?
Your father must have brought
your grandfather's
old pulpit down here.
It's probably all that
was left after the fire.
What the fuck?
What?
Look at the date
of the newspaper.
Friday. October 3rd. 1969.
Yeah. but the
actual fire. it says.
was on Wednesday. the 1st.
Yeah.
It's the same as the
code for the safe.
Oh my god. October 1st.
Yeah.
What does it mean?
I don't know.
What else is there?
Um. an old police report.
About the fire?
I don't think -- uh. no.
it's dated a few days before.
It's so faded. I
can't read it.
Let me try.
[Trigger pulled] [Clang]
- Oh!
Oh!
[BEN] Put it out. Move.
[Trigger pulled] [Clang]
[Trigger pulled] [Thud]
[AMY] Ahh!
[Heavy breathing]
[Screams]
[Screams] Oh god.
[Screaming/groaning]
[Clatter]
[Grunting]
No!
I am gonna eat your flesh.
[Moans in pain] [Gurgles]
Ahh!!
[Screams] [Breathes heavily]
- It's me.
-it's me.
You're good.
Hey. we're good.
[Breathes heavily]
Well. I guess I found your
fucking safe. huh.
[Breathes heavily]
[Makes popping noise]
Holy shit.
This had better be worth it.
Did that motherfucker
say he wanted to eat me?
[Laugh]
[Laughs]
Cannibal cult?
Oh. fuck me.
[Exhales deeply] Oh.
Hey. thank you. couldn't
have done this without you.
No kidding.
Arthur. what the
fuck were you up to.
Uh. let me see
the police report.
Can you read it?
If you put the
light up here maybe.
[Laughs] Okay.
Okay. I see my grandfather's
name and -- no way.
What?
The home address is
the same as the church.
So?
Read it.
It was here.
Yeah. I my dad didn't
bring the pulpit downstairs.
It was always there.
Your dad built the house where
your grandfather's church
burned down.
Yeah. my dad retired and
moved home. literally.
But why?
Not for the happy memories.
For protection.
From what?
If the house is on the same
land as the church
then it's on
consecrated grounds.
Holy shit.
Exactly.
That's why cannibal
cult can't come inside.
Maybe you're right.
Something demonic is going on.
And maybe my dad knew it.
Uh. maybe.
You've got all
your dad's research.
You've got cannibal
guy. down in the cellar.
puking blood when
it comes inside.
and now this.
What more
evidence do you need?
Yeah. but why is
this happening?
What's the point?
I don't know.
And why is your dad's safe
combo the same as
the date of the fire?
Fuck.
If there's no money in
there this is all for nothing.
Okay. well. calm down.
let's just open it.
[Door knocks]
Oh. this keeps getting better.
[Door knocks] Hello?
Hello. Ben Rakes. you there?
Hey. your friend Jack sent me.
Ben?
Hey. my name is Jay Amir; I'm
a nurse at Kingsport General.
Your friend Jack
told me what happened.
said I should come
look at your hand.
Where's Jack?
Ben?
Where is Jack?
He was involved in a fight.
he's being held in emergency.
Ben. what are we
doing here. man?
Hold on.
[Breathes heavily]
Seriously?
No.
[Breathes heavily]
There we go.
Don't drop that one.
Woah-woah-woah-woah-woah-woah.
what the fuck?
What are you doing?
Uh. sorry. we're just.
um -- We were attacked.
Christ. everyone in
this town has gone nuts.
No-no. I'm out.
Oh -- Wait. hey.
is Jack all right?
Ask him yourself.
he's at the hospital.
Oh please-please.
we need help.
please.
Let me see.
Show me the damage.
Check her first.
I can see you both.
and right now you need
medical attention.
It's okay. Ben.
I'm a big girl.
[Breathes heavily]
Jesus. I thought it was
just your hand.
It was till the local lynch
mob got me [moans in pain].
Okay.
If I take that wrap off the
bleeding is gonna get worse.
Here. best I can do
right now is antibiotics.
No pills. I'm a
recovering addict.
No. it's
penicillin. not painkillers.
I can't do it. man.
You know I'm here
to help you. right.
He said no; he
needs a hospital.
we both do.
Yeah. you're right.
And Jack said that the sheriff
is helping people look for me.
I don't think that's safe.
There's a -- there's a
hospital in Elliot Lake.
Could-could you
drive us there?
Okay.
Get in the back. stay low.
Let's go.
[Moans in pain] Come on.
Uh. wait. I
forgot this safe box.
I'll be right back.
Uh-uh. no. there's no time.
Just give me a second.
No. look -- okay. you
should not be walking around.
just get in the
car. Amy will get it.
[Breathes heavily]
What - what are you two doing?
How did you know my name?
I-I don't know. Jack
told me when we were.
uh. when. uh -- uh.
[Sighs]
you got me.
You motherfuckers.
Seriously. you?
Birds of a feather.
Aren't you both clever.
Jesus.
I told you. I like
disappointing you. Mason.
Ben. let's go into the house.
What the hell is this anyway.
some sort of racist cult.
with a side of brown?
You guys like going
out picking fights.
trying to kill black folks.
Well. it's not going too
well this time. is it?
You know. it would've been
over real quick if you just
passed out at the bar.
Quiet.
Passed out?
You don't drink.
No. I don't.
Did you drug me
with something?
Yeah. don't feel bad.
addict's tolerance.
Come out of the house now
and no one else gets hurt.
You wanna eat us. Mason?
The guy in the basement
said that just before
we bashed his brains out.
So. let me ask you. do you
wanna get a slice of white
bread and eat us?
Just you.
What's fucking wrong with you?
I am sorry you keep bringing
other people into this. Ben.
I didn't wanna do this.
This?
What's this?
Ben. let's just go.
You better come out of
the house now. Ben.
Oh yeah.
What is this?
Okay-okay-okay
[moans in pain].
The fuck.
Don't.
Ben. just get
back in the house.
fuck these guys.
[Moans in pain]
Like I said. Ben.
come out of the house
and no one else gets hurt.
I'm gonna fucking kill
you if you hurt him.
Stay back.
Fuck.
[Exhales deeply]
What?
[Breathes heavily]
[Moans in pain]
[Car engine revving]
Decision time. Ben.
She's moving pretty fast.
I don't know how long
that fishing line is.
It's around his neck.
Stay back on the porch.
Let him go.
Come down out of the
house and I'll cut the line.
He'll kill you both.
Jack-Jack. what do I do?
Come down and take
his place and he lives.
Fine. I will.
No. son. listen to me. you don't
give these fuckers anything.
[inaudible]
[Screams]
Ben. I'm so sorry
about your friend.
It's my fault.
Okay. we're not
gonna go there.
He came here to get me.
He wouldn't have been
here if it wasn't for me.
You were trying to help him.
No. I wasn't.
I was trying to
fix my own fuckup.
I'm not a good person. Amy.
Jack and I didn't
lose our boxing careers.
because of my drinking.
I cheated.
I hurt people.
What do you mean?
When I first started
losing the big fights
I thought it was because
of the partying.
all the drinking and drugs
slowed me down. right.
So. I sobered up.
trained harder.
But deep down I was afraid
I just wasn't as good as
I thought I was. and I
didn't want that to be true.
So. I made a change.
Jack would've
killed me if he knew.
but I got one of my
assistant trainers
to start loading my gloves.
So he put plaster of
Paris in the wraps.
made my fists like
a concrete block;
I started winning.
And the inevitable happened.
What?
I started really
hurting people.
I was winning in
devastating fashion.
I was breaking jaws.
noses. orbital bones;
one guy lost his sight.
I knew it was wrong.
but I was winning again.
and Jack was happy.
I-I couldn't stop.
And you got caught. and
Jack took the blame too.
Yeah. we both
got lifetime bans.
And then Jack got cancer. and
then he was gonna die broke
and-and I just got him
killed trying to fix it.
Okay. well. you fucked
up the fighting thing.
you did some bad shit. but
you were trying to help him.
You didn't get Jack killed.
Mason did. blame him.
I do.
Good. fuck him. and fuck
all those people with him.
You're right.
I'm gonna fucking kill Mason.
No. that's not what I meant.
[Moans in pain] Fucking
[indiscernible].
[Moans in pain] Fuck.
Stop it; this is exactly
what he wishes you'll do.
[Moans in pain]
Then I'm gonna be his
fairy-fucking-godmother.
Fuck this.
[Breathes heavily] Okay-okay.
you go out there and you die
or you get eaten or whatever.
something really bad
is gonna happen.
What are you talking about?
Ben. I don't think that you're
just some random black guy
they found in a bar.
Look. [indiscernible]
September. 1969.
your grandfather reports
something to the police.
okay?
October 1st. 1969.
he dies when somebody
burns down his church.
Yeah. we know that.
Okay. so your dad's doing all
of this creepy -- your dad's
doing all of this
creepy research.
and then he dies
suddenly in a car crash.
But. Ben. your father
barely drove anymore.
I had to take him to
and from the library.
So. it's like he
saw something.
got spooked. and
died trying to run.
Like he knew he was in danger.
Exactly.
So. he left you
combo to the safe.
the same date as the fire.
He needed you to
know something.
But the will says
there was money.
Well. I mean. you
said so yourself. Ben.
that you weren't exactly
the greatest guy in the past.
and you hadn't kept in touch.
So. maybe he thought this was
the only way to get you here.
to warn you.
Fair.
Time to open that safe.
Let's do this.
Be careful.
What is it?
Uh. it looks
like a-a recorder.
Oh. and there's a
-- it's a cassette.
It's the same date
as the police report.
Put it in. let's play it.
[Exhales deeply]
It's broken.
Looks like it.
[Audio tape starts playing]
[Indistinct chatter]
This is Reverend Peter Rakes.
The date is
September 29th. 1969.
What follows is a recording of
the exorcism of Mason Banks.
age 36.
Present with me are
Mason and his mother.
Ethel Banks.
Please. hurry.
[Breathes heavily]
Untie me.
Mason. your mother and
I are trying to help you.
An exorcism?
You're not Catholic priest.
I am god's servant.
A lonely Baptist in
a crumbling church.
Let me look closer at
you [indiscernible].
Uh. how is he doing that?
Don't look at it.
read with me.
Be strong in the lord. for we
do not wrestle against flesh
and blood. but against
the cosmic powers
over the present darkness.
Stop. wait.
[Laughs] Why have been
[indiscernible] yourself to me.
He spit and step on
your Nazarenes cross.
he called out to me.
You lie.
He wanted the
power to hurt you.
He hates you.
What?
Why?
You're no church integration.
Negroes praying with whites.
the boys will ensure
the power to destroy you.
I did you a
favor by taking him.
Our father in heaven. hallowed
be thy name -- get off her.
Keep fighting
[Screams]
My teeth are dull. but strong.
You killed her [indiscernible]
-- [Indiscernible] reverend.
this boy will eat
your living flesh.
That will not happen.
If not you. then
your son or his son.
this is my promise. I curse.
I shall reward the boy with
unimaginable power
once he has tasted your
family's living flesh.
Stay back. in the
name Jesus Christ.
See you soon. reverend.
Mason. wait-wait.
[Audio tape stops playing]
Fuck.
Ben-Ben. can you hear me?
Come on out.
I'll cook you in there like
we did with your granddaddy.
[Laughs] You motherfucker.
[Screams]
What do we do now. Ben?
Shit. here we go.
So. you staying in or
you coming out. Ben?
If you come out
I'll spare the girl.
Go fuck yourself.
you fucking fuck.
Amy?
What?
Quiet.
You'll let the girl go?
I'll think about it.
Now you can't be serious?
I'm not.
I have a plan.
I'm not gonna fight.
We're not.
Jay's car is still
here. I've got the keys.
I'll go out there and distract
them while you make a
run for the car.
Fuck that. I'm not
leaving you alone.
Well. then what. Amy.
what are you gonna do?
You're gonna stay
here and die in a fire.
screaming like my grandfather
while those fuckers watch.
If you go outside and get
eaten alive something fucked
is gonna happen.
Mason is gonna have.
fucking. godlike powers;
you really want that?
At least you might
get out of here.
Stop it.
I know you wanna
be a good guy.
Ben. but this
isn't how you do it.
No.
Wait. you're wrong.
What?
I'm not a good guy.
We've been doing
this all wrong.
acting exactly the
way Mason wants.
like my father
and my grandfather.
being scared.
trying to escape.
asking why is this happening.
Right.
Well. who the fuck
cares why it's happening.
Mason wants us out
there so he could eat us.
Well. fuck him.
let's not do that.
Let's handle this
like cheating fucks.
How do we do that?
Change the rules.
They wanna eat us; well. they
have to come in here to do it.
on our turf.
And we'll be ready.
I mean. it's an
idea. but. I mean.
isn't it holy ground.
they can't come inside.
Then we'll make it unholy.
[Breathes heavily]
You ready?
No. but whatever.
You think we can do this?
No.
Fuck.
Look. the keys are in my
gym bag if they get me first.
No. that better
not fucking happen.
You know you swear a
lot for a librarian. right?
My career is not a
personality trait.
Yeah. okay.
[Exhales deeply]
Here we go.
What's up. Mason?
Are you coming out. Ben?
I got a question for you.
We just listened to
a exorcism podcast.
heard you talking
about eating my family.
and that demons
would bless you for it.
Well. I can't help. but
notice that there hasn't
been much eating.
My grandfather
died in a house fire.
and my father
died in a car crash.
so this cannibalism
or insurance fraud?
Does the rest of your little
cult know what a loser you are.
huh?
You must really
wanna eat me. Mason.
I'm the last Rakes.
your only chance.
Last chance to come out.
[Laughs]
That won't help you.
Oops.
[Spits]
I desecrate this land.
I spit and step on the cross.
revoking it as god's house.
[Breathes heavily]
They did it.
[Screams]
Amy?
Fuck.
[Screams]
[Yells] Amy!
[Moans with pain]
You honestly thought
you could avoid this?
[Indistinct chatter]
[Moans with pain]
Where are you going?
You thought you
could beat me.
[Screams]
When I raise my
hand I can feel the stars.
I can dip my foot down into hell
and feel the damned
kiss my feet.
Imagine what I'll be
capable of once I consume you.
[Inhales deeply]
I will be a god.
[Moans with pain]
[Breathes heavily]
It's all right.
I was never gonna let her go.
[Grunts] [Screams]
[Moans with pain]
[Breathes heavily]
Do you know how long I have
waited to taste your flesh?
To hear you scream. to
be granted my power.
[Exhales deeply]
You gonna keep talking about
it or you gonna do it?
[Screams]
[Moans with pain]
You feel good. Mason. godlike?
What have you done?
Bad things.
See. you're so used to
hurting good people
you weren't ready for a
bad motherfucker.
Where is Ben Rakes?
Spending 30 days in rehab.
I'm his AA sponsor.
When his dad died he
fell off the wagon.
so I took him to AA.
On the way. he kept babbling
about his dad's will
and money in his safe.
I was the wrong guy to tell.
So. I broke into his
place. stole the will.
and here I am.
I told you. Mason.
I like disappointing you.
[Grunts]
[Screams]
[Moans with pain]
[Breathes heavily] Yeah
[Screams]
[Moans with pain]
[Breathes heavily]
Let's go.
Fuck.
[Heavy breathing]
[Grunting]
[Moaning with pain] [Grunting]
[Heavy breathing] Okay.
[Breathes heavily] Okay.
So. what is your name anyway?
[Breathes heavily]
[Music Playing]